<!--autoheader--><p align='center'>[ &larr; <a href='/resources/documentation/01.%20document-control.md#document-control'>Document Control</a> ]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[ <a href='/README.md'>Table Of Contents</a> &uarr; ]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[ <a href='/resources/documentation/03.%20service-endpoints.md#service-endpoints'>Service Endpoints</a> &rarr; ]</p><!--/autoheader-->

# Introduction

The elevator department of ThyssenKrupp is responsible for the maintenance and modernization of over 260,000 elevators worldwide.  The ASME Elevator Code A17 that governs this group dictates the number of required maintenance that must be done to an elevator.  The goal of this project is to use BRMS to score each of the 260,000 elevators and use this information to generate a route schedule for the different mechanics in an effective and efficient manner.

The complexity lies in the matrix of different variables associated with a product, such as elevators, moving walks, lifts, and others that includes variables such as elevator type, annual callbacks, control type, usage, and environments, with additional variables depending on the elevator types.

## Purpose

This document captures all of the (known) functional features for all of the different types of elevators.  The business rules will be created using these features to analyze the different types of elevators and will be packaged and deployed into the OpenShift container according to the process types, such as Scoring, Maintenance, and Duration.

## Terminologies
Understanding and alignment of common vocabulary is critical to any engagement's success.  ThyssenKrupp terminologies employ commonly used names and/or descriptions that vary from Red Hat’s use.  Following is a reference guide of these phrases as well as a definition for other phrases used to describe the recommended solution(s).

|Terms | Definition|
|----- |  ----------|
|Product | The different products that TKE services including `Hydraulic, Traction, MRL-Traction, Escalator-Moving-Walks,  Dumbwaiter, and Lift`|
|Unit Type | The different types of units that corresponds to a product, such as `EL-HL-001, EL-HL-002`, ... equals a `lift`|

## Current State

The current state uses the Microsoft Silverlight to create the user interfaces known as Route Optimizer (RO) to which the mechanics and other users connect.  There is no existing business rules system that is used given that there is really no business rule to help plan for the maintenance.  The planned services are dictated by the ASME 17 Guide, required by the government (States and Municipalities) and can be predetermined where the cost and profit can be calculated with certainty.  The unplanned maintenance schedules are difficult to calculate and could potentially cause of loss of profit to the company.

For instance, a monthly Service Contract could incorporate planned and unplanned maintenance against an elevator for around $250 (monthly).  The cost associated with the maintenance is around $120 per hour including the salary of the mechanic and the overhead costs (van, tools, uniform, …). If this elevator required three unplanned maintenance services, then the company lost money on the contract for the month.

Additionally, unplanned maintenance causes the planned maintenance to be missed (Missed Visits) since the mechanics would have to be rescheduled to handle potentially more critical unplanned visits.  These unplanned maintenance causes 46% Missed Visits (MVs), which in turn causes more unplanned visits and ultimately unhappy customers.  The goal is to significantly reduce these unplanned visits by adhering to the schedules of the planned visits.

## Future State

The future state will implement the Complete Maintenance Program (CMP) that replaces the existing Route Optimizer (RO) with a completely new set of user interfaces and backend support.  JBoss Business Rules Management System (BRMS) will be used to implement rules that consider several components and characteristics of each product (such as elevators, moving walks, ...) to score the Service Level and the duration of the visits.  This information would eventually be used to create the route schedule for the mechanic.

The rules will be invoked using a ReSTful endpoint that is stood up by the BRMS engine.  The payload of the request will determine how the rules are activated.  That is, the payload could consist of the Product or Score that would provide results for Scoring, Maintenance, or Duration.

The rules that are used by JBoss BRMS are created using Decision Tables in Excel.  The rules are packaged into a KJAR and deployed into an OpenShift container that will be used by the service sight clients.
<!--autoheader--><p align='center'>[ &larr; <a href='/resources/documentation/01.%20document-control.md#document-control'>Document Control</a> ]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[ <a href='/README.md'>Table Of Contents</a> &uarr; ]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[ <a href='/resources/documentation/03.%20service-endpoints.md#service-endpoints'>Service Endpoints</a> &rarr; ]</p><!--/autoheader-->