<!--autoheader--><p align='center'>[ &larr; <a href='/resources/documentation/03.%20service-endpoints.md#service-endpoints'>Service Endpoints</a> ]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[ <a href='/README.md'>Table Of Contents</a> &uarr; ]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[ <a href='/resources/documentation/05.%20knowledge-transfer.md#knowledge-transfer-documentation'>Knowledge Transfer Documentation</a> &rarr; ]</p><!--/autoheader-->

# Resources

There is a resources folder for the repository which contains additional support files such as Documentation, Jmeter test suite, and supporting applications.

## JMeter Test

The RESTful endpoints can be tested with JMeter. These tests are intended to be run after the rules have been reviewed. The JMeter tests are located in the repository folder ./resources/jmeter. The JMeter application can be downloaded at http://supergsego.com/apache//jmeter/binaries/apache-jmeter-3.0.zip.

Once JMeter is open, navigate to file > open and select the .jmx files located in the JMeter folder. Once open, you can press the green play button to run the rules. If all of the rules work as expected, you should see green checkmarks under the “View Results Tree” tab on the left.

There are a few important sections on the left side of the screen. The wrench and screwdriver icons are used to configure defaults for the HTTP requests. Items such as the URL, authentication, and header properties can be found there. The gears on the left side are called thread groups. They have useful features for simulating multiple users for load testing. For this project, we organize the tests by thread groups. The dropper icon signifies an HTTP request. This contains the JSON that will be passed in a request. An excerpt of the body is below

```js
     "insert": {
        "object": {
          "com.tke.servicesight.rules.model.Request": {
            "unitType" : "EL-TR-001",
            "usage": "low",
            "controlType": "microprocessor",
            "annualCallbacks": 1,
            "environment": "clean",
            "driveType" : "AV/VVVF",
            "id" : "ABC123"
          }
        }
      }
```

The magnifying glass icon contains the assertions that will be made. An example of the expected output for the request that was made above, will be similar to this.

```js
  "score" : 5,
```

## Cucumber to Jmeter application

The Cucmber to Jmeter application is used to convert the cucumber feature files into the Jmeter HTTP tests. The java application can be found in ./resources/apps/cucumber-jmeter/. When running the application, you must provide the folder location of your JMeter instance. The JMeter application can be downloaded at http://jmeter.apache.org/download_jmeter.cgi. 

### How to use
When feature files are updated, modified or added, run the cucumber to Jmeter application and check that the tests run successfully in Jmeter.

Steps:
* Once the program has finished successfully, the jmeter test file will be updated, It can be found at the path ./resources/jmeter/TKE_Scoring.jmx.
* Open the jmx file in Jmeter and verify that the added tests are correct.
* If all of the new tests look correct, run all of the tests to ensure the rules are correct.

NOTE: Jmeter tests the RESTful endpoints. Before testing the new changes, ensure that the build has finished and that the OpenShift container has the latest build.
<!--autoheader--><p align='center'>[ &larr; <a href='/resources/documentation/03.%20service-endpoints.md#service-endpoints'>Service Endpoints</a> ]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[ <a href='/README.md'>Table Of Contents</a> &uarr; ]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[ <a href='/resources/documentation/05.%20knowledge-transfer.md#knowledge-transfer-documentation'>Knowledge Transfer Documentation</a> &rarr; ]</p><!--/autoheader-->